hi friends welcome to lovelies kitchen
today I'm gonna show you how to make hot
and spicy chicken fried rice so let's
see how it's made 3 cups of cooked cold
rice 3 large eggs 1 chicken breast 1
medium size onion 3 fresh minced garlic
green bell pepper celery stick French
beans red pepper half taken 1 put a cup
of green peas per tablespoon of sesame
oil 2 tbsp of soya sauce 1 tablespoon of
chili garlic sauce if you don't have
chili garlic sauce I can take chili
sauce - 1 teaspoon of red chili flakes
salt to taste and 1 put the teaspoon of
white vinegar wok is heat it up I have
taken 1 tablespoon of sesame oil to that
I've added 3 eggs and it's time to make
a scramble egg so scrambled egg is ready
let's take it out in a plate it's time
to fry our chicken in the same wok I
have taken 1 tablespoon of sesame oil to
that add your chicken and fry it till
it's all done
in the same walk take a rest of your
sesame pile or just two tablespoon and
onions to it and fry it for half a
minute
and garlic and fry it for another 1/2
minute remember the temperature is on
high chopped celery goes in next time to
add our French green beans expose in
green and red bell peppers fry it for a
minute on high heat time to add our
green peas
a Dan rice which is already precooked
you can also use leftover rice for this
recipe mix it well and stir-fried add in
chili garlic sauce red chili flakes
vinegar soy sauce and some salt to taste
and finally we're going to add chicken
and scramble egg to the fried rice stir
fry it for a minute or till everything
is mixed it's time to check the
seasoning the salt is perfect
I'll spice the chicken fried rice is
ready to be served my fried rice is
looking absolutely gorgeous
to get more of my latest videos please
subscribe hope you guys have enjoyed my
video tutorial see you next time bye bye